Online shopping. You are doing it. Your neighbour is doing it. Your aunt is doing it. Everyone you know and don't know is doing it. Online shopping is like going to a mall during a holiday season. Everyday there is some sale or the other going on. And just like the mall you have almost every imaginable item available. Flipkart, the online megastore, is one of the top e-commerce sites in India. Visited by thousands of peopleon a daily basis, Flipkart offers a massive collection of everything from electronics to baby clothing at some of the best prices thanks to various discounts available onsite. 


Why Flipkart?
Flipkart is dedicated to 100% customer delight ensuring that everything from placing your order to delivering it right to your doorstep is smooth and hassle-free. When it comes to online transactions, Flipkart ensures that all credit/debit card and net banking transactions are done through secure and trusted gateways. All your bank details are safe and secure, and will not be shared with any third-party. Flipkart offers a cash on delivery option if you need an easier payment method and excellent after sales services too. If you have any issues with your purchase, the easy exchange and replacement policies comes to your rescue. 

Find everything on Flipkart
Shopping for your kid's birthday? Planning to get a new phone for yourself? Or can't find a particular book you are looking for? Don't worry - FLipkart is your one-stop shop for all your needs. You can shop for your favorite books, apparel, footwear, jewellery, office supplies, movies, TV shows and games, lifestyle accessories, baby care products, toys, posters, sports and fitness products, mobile phones, laptops, cameras, music, health and beauty products, televisions, refrigerators, air-conditioners, washing machines, kitchen and home appliances, MP3 players, beauty and personal care, automotive products and home theater systems.

Detailed description of products
Flipkart offers expert, highly detailed and interactive descriptions for the products listed on the site. This is to help you make an informed buying decision.So whether you are looking for a new phone or a bedsheet, your job will be made easy. Also, Flipkart offers the compare option for the various listed products, especially electronics. You can compare two or more products in terms of their price, specifications and features. 

Home to various top brands
Sit in the comfort of your home or office and browser through cool lifestyle accessories, apparel and footwear brands such as Adidas, Vero Moda, Nike, Calvin Klein, Kenneth Cole Reaction, W, Biba, Steve Madden and United Colors of Benetton. Flipkart is also host to some of brand leaders in electronics such as Samsung, HTC, Nokia, Dell, HP, Sony, Canon, Nikon, LG, Toshiba, Philips, Braun, Bajaj and Morphy Richards. 